renewal: use lineage-specific server for ARI (#10307)
certbot/certbot: certbot/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* ACME Renewal Info (ARI) support. https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-acme-ari/
  `certbot renew` will automatically check ARI when using an ACME server that supports it,
  and may renew early based on the ARI information. For Let's Encrypt certificates this

>   will typically cause renewal at around 2/3rds of the certificate's lifetime, even if

Reviewer: Do you not want to mention that 6-day certs will renew at half the time? Or are you leaving that for when they are actually available?

>   the renew_before_expiry field of a lineage config is set to something shorter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the renew_before_expiry field of a lineage renewal config is set a later date.
```

Clearing this up, because at first I was confused which way shorter means.

### Added

* ACME Renewal Info (ARI) support. https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-acme-ari/
  `certbot renew` will automatically check ARI when using an ACME server that supports it,

>   and may renew early based on the ARI information.

Reviewer: This may be a good place to add a note about ari overriding renew_before_expiry values set in the config file if it comes first

Reviewer: https://github.com/certbot/certbot/issues/10312 tracks making sure this entry is fully fleshed out, so leaving it up to you to merge now or add detail here

Author: Thanks for the reminder. Pushed an edit adding detail. Lemme know what you think.
